feat(@clayui/charts): Split API into it's file, add notice we're switching to Recharts, and cast props to IProps (#3719)
liferay/clay: packages/clay-charts/README.mdx

-   [Basic](#basic)
-   [GeoMap](#geomap)
-   [Predictive](#predictive)

</div>
</div>

<div class="clay-site-alert alert alert-warning">

> 	Charts in its current state will be deprecated soon in favor of a wrapper
> 	around <a href="https://recharts.org/">Recharts</a>. See examples of charts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Charts in its current state will be deprecated soon in favor using <a href="https://recharts.org/">Recharts</a>. See examples of charts
```
